# Utility
romkatv/zsh-defer
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/helper

# Zephyr
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/color
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/directory
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/editor
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/environment
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/homebrew
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/macos conditional:is-macos
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/utility
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/zfunctions

# OMZ
getantidote/use-omz
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/clipboard.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/compfix.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/asdf
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/aws
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/bgnotify
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/bundler
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/chezmoi
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/copypath
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/cp
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/direnv
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/gh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git-auto-fetch
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git-commit
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git-extras
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/gitignore
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/k9s
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/kubectl
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/npm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/opentofu
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rails
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rsync
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/starship
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/tailscale
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/uv
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/web-search

# Vi Mode
jeffreytse/zsh-vi-mode

# Directory
agkozak/zsh-z

# Completion
zsh-users/zsh-completions
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/completion

# Deferred
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions kind:defer
zdharma-continuum/fast-syntax-highlighting kind:defer
